Buckwheat
Ouch uncle
Are you not wearing glasses?
I'm a friend of buckwheat. I'm looking for buckwheat.
Is buckwheat at home?
Oh, the buckwheat hasn't come back yet.
Uh, can you come in?
Wait, what's wrong?
Mr. Lu, are you okay?
Nothing much happened.
Remember to take the medicine
It's nothing, I'll go in first
And so forth.
What happened again?
When will the buckwheat be back?
Lu Chengyun
If you want to divorce our Mai Mai
Just let the assistant speak
He doesn't want to see you!
I quarreled with buckwheat and said something heavy
But it was just a passing fad
I want to apologize to him before we talk about the divorce
Do you think apologizing will work?
Ah, my daughter's heart is broken by you
You think you can make up for it by apologizing
Uncle, don't tell him so much.
Otherwise, do you think there are more buckwheat?
Dad?
Who is this woman?
What does he have to do with buckwheat?